Add live url to the readme. (#3)
PicnicSupermarket/picnic-lunch-and-learn: README.md

# Lunch and Learn website

> ## Live Site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Live Website
```

> You can see the Lunch and Learn session schedule [here][live-url].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lunch & Learn website is available at [picnic.tech/picnic-lunch-and-learn][live-url].
```

To deploy your changes, run:

`yarn run deploy`

> [live-url]: https://picnic.tech/picnic-lunch-and-learn/

Reviewer: Maybe we can make `live-url` a bit more descriptive?

Author: Updated @nov1n

Reviewer: Looks good 👍
